Scheduled Backups (#350)
selectel/terraform-provider-selectel: website/docs/r/cloudbackup_plan_v2.html.markdown

* `region` - (Required) Pool where the backup plan is located, for example, `ru-3`. Learn more about available pools in the [Availability matrix](https://docs.selectel.ru/en/control-panel-actions/availability-matrix/).

* `name` - (Required) Name of the backup plan.

* `backup_mode` - (Optional) Backup mode used for the plan. Available values are `full` and `frequency`. The default value is `full`. Learn more about [backup modes](https://docs.selectel.ru/cloud-servers/backups/about-backups/). 

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the backup plan.

* `full_backups_amount` - (Required) Maximum number of backups to save in a full plan or full backups in a frequency plan.

* `schedule_type` - (Optional) Backup scheduling type. Available values are `calendar` and `crontab`. Learn more about [schedule types](https://docs.selectel.ru/cloud-servers/backups/create-backup/#configure-scheduled-backups).

> * `schedule_pattern` - (Optional) Backup scheduling pattern. The default value is `0 0 * * *`.

Reviewer: It is a mistake in requirements. These fields should be "required", without default values.

* `resources` - (Required) List of resources included in the plan. Each resource block supports the following:

  * `resource` - (Required) List of resource objects:
    * `id` - (Required) UUID of the backed up resource.
    * `name` - (Required) Name of the backed up resource.

>     * `type` - (Required) Type of the backed up resource. You can see allowed values [here](https://docs.selectel.ru/en/api/scheduled-backups/#tag/Plans/operation/createBackupPlan).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `type` - (Required) Type of the backed up resource. Learn more about available resource types in the [Scheduled Backup API](https://docs.selectel.ru/api/scheduled-backups/#tag/Plans/operation/createBackupPlan).
```
